Let's consider a special case of identifying country-specific search sources.
What we mean is that by default,
a click-through from a search engine with a top-level domain other than the
default.com would appear with just the search engine as the traffic source.
So, for instance, google.co.uk would appear as just Google as a traffic source.
What we have to do in this case is actually add
organic search sources at the property level.
This is actually not controlled through a view setting or a view filter.
It's a property setting.
But we are including it in this lesson because it does
relate to transforming the data that's coming in at the property level.
If we go into property tracking info,
organic search sources, we could click add search engine.
So, here, we'll say Google UK as an example.
Domain name contains query parameter for the search term in the URL is q.
We could check that out on google.co.uk directly,
and there we have our rewrite rule.
So, we could do this for
every top-level country domain for a search engine that we want to preserve.
If we go into the source medium report,
we would see these country-specific search engine is broken out.